Analysis 1. When does the minimum of z gets smaller than one source solution that was found for initialization purposes? If the number of branches created is too high, then we may need to adjust ordering algorithm, branching procedure and maybe improve the first initialization. The number of branches created with (sedumi, medium precision) was 378. The number of branches created with SDPT3, low precision was 774. This number means that after 774 branches, some of the branches will be fathomed. And thus, setting by a dummy (unsophisticated method) helps the algorithm to quickly reduce the search space.
Termination condition. The unique set of the electrode potentials connected to current sources (i.e. the electrodes that have nonzero currents) should not exceed the total number of states (which is equal to 2*number of current sources since there is source and sink terminals of each source). Or when all the electrodes are assigned with a state in which the unique number should not exceed the total number of states by default. 
We wanted to try different ordering of the electrodes to see how the ordering of the remaining set affect the convergence rate of the algorithm. It is very important to start with non integer solutions in mixed integer programming and by starting with mid values, we basically try to do that.
For the integer part of the problem, we used electrode potentials to impose the constraints. In order to assign two electrodes to the same terminal of the same current source, we forced their potential to be equal. However, the potential at a particular electrode is dominantly affected by its own current than by the other electrode currents. Thus, we were running into numerical errors and the problem was becoming infeasible easily. To overcome this, we normalized the Te matrix, the matrix that links the electrode currents to electrode potentials. Multiplying by 1e-3 seemed to work fine to change the precision settings from low to high. We were still getting some inaccurate solutions.
The solution is not unique: Changing the electrode labels (to which current sources they are connected to) and the switching the current sources values give the same solution. Switching the terminals of the same current source also yields to same solution with different electrode labeling.
